docs - collection cleaning (#48241)
metabase/metabase: docs/exploration-and-organization/delete-and-restore.md

2. Click on the three dots menu;
3. Select "Move to trash".

> When a collection is deleted, all items in the collection are deleted as well.

Reviewer: Do you think delete is clear here?

When I read delete I thought this was referring to "permanently delete", not "move to trash".

> When a collection is deleted, all items in the collection are deleted as well.

Author: ```suggestion
When a collection is moved to the trash, Metabase moves all items in the collection to the trash as well.
```
